MT_00001 | This 23-year-old white female presents with complaint of allergies. She used to have allergies when she lived in Seattle but she thinks they are worse here. In the past, she has tried Claritin, and Zyrtec. Both worked for short time but then seemed to lose effectiveness. She has used Allegra also. She used that last summer and she began using it again two weeks ago. It does not appear to be working very well. She has used over-the-counter sprays but no prescription nasal sprays. She does have asthma but doest not require daily medication for this and does not think it is flaring up.
MT_00002 | 1. She will try Zyrtec instead of Allegra again. Another option will be to use loratadine. She does not think she has prescription coverage so that might be cheaper.
MT_00003 | A 34-year-old male presents today self-referred at the recommendation of Emergency Room physicians and his nephrologist to pursue further allergy evaluation and treatment. Please refer to chart for history and physical, as well as the medical records regarding his allergic reaction treatment at ABC Medical Center for further details and studies. In summary, the patient had an acute event of perioral swelling, etiology uncertain, occurring on 05/03/2008 requiring transfer from ABC Medical Center to XYZ Medical Center due to a history of renal failure requiring dialysis and he was admitted and treated and felt that his allergy reaction was to Keflex, which was being used to treat a skin cellulitis dialysis shunt infection. In summary, the patient states he has some problems with tolerating grass allergies, environmental and inhalant allergies occasionally, but has never had anaphylactic or angioedema reactions. He currently is not taking any medication for allergies. He is taking atenolol for blood pressure control. No further problems have been noted upon his discharge and treatment, which included corticosteroid therapy and antihistamine therapy and monitoring.
MT_00004 | History of urticaria, history of renal failure with hypertension possible source of renal failure, history of dialysis times 2 years and a history of hypertension.
MT_00005 | RAST allergy testing for both food and environmental allergies was performed, and we will get the results back to the patient with further recommendations to follow. If there is any specific food or inhalant allergen that is found to be quite high on the sensitivity scale, we would probably recommend the patient to avoid the offending agent to hold off on any further reactions. At this point, I would recommend the patient stopping any further use of cephalosporin antibiotics, which may be the cause of his allergic reaction, and I would consider this an allergy. Being on atenolol, the patient has a more difficult time treating acute anaphylaxis, but I do think this is medically necessary at this time and hopefully we can find specific causes for his allergic reactions. An EpiPen was also prescribed in the event of acute angioedema or allergic reaction or sensation of impending allergic reaction and he is aware he needs to proceed directly to the emergency room for further evaluation and treatment recommendations after administration of an EpiPen.
